# Transcript of the Meeting: meeting-50f36e7a-e7dc-4450-a621-e050a5208914 - Meeting 2026-04-10_12-06-37

## Date: 4/10/2026

[00:00] Is that we're actually paying the bills.  
[00:03] with what we're about to teach you. Right? And that sh that's a surprising thing these days, right? There's lotta people teaching things that are not true, or they did once and it kinda worked halfway for one or two people and they make it look like it's this big, big thing, right? I'm here to share with you that as recently as this week  
[00:20] Our agency, my business, has made money doing the thing I'm gonna show you. So would you guys like to see that thing and see if it's something you wanna try out? Because this is something that's transformed the way that my businesses work such that I can spend time doing things like this, which is being around people who wanna learn and want to grow their businesses. I absolutely love that. So give me some means, give me some dogs on the chat, because that's gonna be covering here today.  
[00:40] Now I've mentioned my business a couple different times, but my agency, Anchor Wave, based here in Tucson, Arizona, is um uh just the pride and joy of my life. Started in 2003. We built thousands of websites, uh hundreds of digital marketing campaigns for just about every type of business that you can imagine.  
[00:56] And today AJ and I are in a spot where that business runs without our daily involvement. Like we've graduated guys and I'm so proud of that. That that business is a true business and it's not a job. But what I find is that many of us start businesses  
[01:10] And we end up owning our own job as opposed to owning a business.  
[01:17] And that's fine. Like we many of us will go through those phases of owning a job for a short period of time.  
[01:22] But no.  
[01:23] that it doesn't have to be that way. And I'm gonna show you how I turn my job into an actual business, which is incredible.  
[01:29] Um things I want to celebrate with you, one of those things is being awarded the top agency. We competed amongst a lot of different funnel builders uh to rebuild one of Russell Brenson's funnels, and we were awarded the top agency award. Uh and it's just incredibly powerful to be recognized by the community, but also to have been in such stiff competition with amazing funnel builders and then come out uh among the top, which are really proud of. Um our agency was also bestowed the Bootstrap.com agency of the year award, which is the only time that this award has ever been given to an agency, which are really proud of. This means that um we did it from scratch, right? We didn't take outside investors, we didn't take outside money. Like much like you, I put myself in rooms learning from people, figuring out trying and failing, trying and failing, and finally getting it. And to be able to stand on the stage and share that experience um with both my business partner and the CEO of our agency was uh a dream come true.  
[02:22] Uh speaking of Dream Come True is like I build a lot of websites for like  
[02:25] Businesses you've never heard of, right? However, we've also been had the opportunity to work with some amazing names in the industry. Russell Brunson, Garrett J White, Steven Larson, Lady Boss.  
[02:36] Meet people that I mean, man, they're household names now and we got to work with them because of the strategies and some which I'm gonna share with you here today.  
[02:44] Now 2017 AJ and I launched Agency Coach, and uh this is a picture from a recent event in Phoenix, Arizona, where we had agencies.  
[02:53] from around the world come in and we've talked about the businesses of baking money online and how we do this and how we offer services to our clients. And uh at this point we've helped many people create businesses that they love and it's creating uh for the first time they figured out how these funnels and all these online things actually turn into real money in their pocket. And that's such a a powerful  
[03:13] um place to be and I'm really proud of all these people here.  
[03:16] Um we've earned at this point six two comic club awards uh which has been a crazy experience. Some of them are right here. I don't know if you can kinda see behind me there. There you go. Um and this means that we've made a million dollars for each one of those awards through sales funnels and marketing. I learned it from the best of the best. AJ and I've put ourselves in the rooms with guys like Russell Brunson and Todd Dickerson to learn how this has actually gonna work for us. And um they saw what we did and they said, Mike, AJ, we want you guys on our stage. We've spoken at funnel hockey live five different times now, which we're incredibly proud of. It's something where the strategies that we share uh were enough to merit us being there on that stage in front of five thousand people.  
[03:56] teaching these things and it's been uh quite an honor. We've been on Russell Brunson's podcast. Um he we've been in his books. This is a picture of us at on his marketing secret show.  
[04:04] Monday we got to fly out to Boise, Idaho, spend a whole day hanging out with Russell Brenton and then we recorded a podcast, which is amazing. And uh we're inside the Traffic Secrets book, one of the strategies that we uh are known for and then also dot com secrets, uh which has been just really cool to have that kind of recognition as well.  
[04:20] And this is all possible, guys. The reason why these things and I share these things because what we did is we put ourselves in rims.  
[04:26] We put ourselves in proximity to people who could teach us things about our business that we didn't know and then we applied them.  
[04:33] Some of which worked and some of which didn't, right? Yeah, on the upper left we've got us backstage with Russell Brunson giving us a pep talk before we went out to speak in front of five thousand people. In the center, it might be a little hard to see there, but we got Alex or Mosey. This is back in the day when um Alex was not a household name, but here we are  
[04:49] working with him, talking to him about the things that are helping in our business. He's come to coach us in our business and we've helped him with ad strategy as well. The point is guys um these folks know things about business and marketing that we didn't know.  
[05:01] We learned it from them, we applied it in our business, and here today I'm gonna share with you the stuff that worked and I'm leaving aside all the stuff that didn't. Does that sound cool? Say me in the chat if you want to hear those lessons and those learnings, because that's what we're here to do.  
[05:13] Okay. So I want you to know that no matter where you're at right now, whether you're an existing business owner.  
[05:19] Maybe you're an agency owner like us and you got a bunch of people, a lot of payroll happening.  
[05:24] Right? And uh it's stressful to run a business like that, right? Or maybe you're have a you have a job and you're trying to figure out how to make this full time, or maybe you've been heard that you know funnels are amazing, and then you can make money with this, but you haven't figured out who here has heard that they might just be one funnel away, but they're not sure which one or how long it's gonna take. Right? These are the things we know to be true. We see people succeeding, we see the awards being given out, but we wonder, well, how do I get there? And I'm just gonna show you my way. Is it okay with you guys if I show you my way of how we did it? So that way you can borrow a couple ideas from this. Does that sound okay with you guys? Awesome, awesome, awesome.  
[06:00] Okay. For those that don't really know me, this picture, probably about 2004, the local newspaper is like, what? A local guy starting a web design company? So they wrote a news article about it. Web designer prepares for a whole new strategy, which is so funny to think about now. But the truth was at that time I saw a need that nobody else was filling. I just wanted to be in control, happy, stress free, right? I think we all want those things, especially when we start a business, right?  
[06:25] I wanted to work for myself. I've known that from a young age. I knew that being in control of my own business gave me un un un un un un un un un un un capped earning potential. Let me live and be wherever I want and have the most control as opposed to my friends who were graduating from college at the same time as I did. I saw them going to the corporate world. Nothing wrong with that, but I saw their options way more limited. Right.  
[06:44] I've tried and failed many times. We've been fired by clients. We've been sued. Um I've had to fire 90% of my production staff because they started a competing business while still working for me and operating it from within the walls of my office. Right. We've had the craziest stuff goes on that's gone on. But I share that to tell you that number one  
[07:04] Failure is necessary for success to happen.  
[07:07] And when you can learn the lesson that's there for you, that's when you get to pass and go forward and you build a bigger and bigger bigger business, right? And I'm finally at the point where I get to work a hundred percent on my terms. Guys, one of the reasons I'm here is because I can be and I want to be. I want to teach, I want to mentor, I want to coach, right? I'm not a particularly good golfer and I'm not that interested in learning how to do that. Um otherwise when I quote unquote retire from the agency, I might have gone and done that. We always you hear those stories about those people, right? But I'm here to help you here to to show you this way.  
[07:41] So that way you can hopefully implement one small idea that makes your day better. Makes your week better. Maybe makes your month or quarter or this next ten years better. Okay.  
[07:50] So one of the things I want you to really know about me is that I was not born a sales person. Uh you know, even now having built a successful business.  
[07:58] I don't really align with the idea of having to sell. You see, my dad before he retired he was a sales person  
[08:04] And uh I went to to work with him on occasion.  
[08:07] And I thought it was the most boring job in the world. We drive all over Southern California, visiting his big skyscraper office buildings in Los Angeles. And the most fun part of the job, you want to know what it was? It was me betting on the elevators. My dad would take those ones, I would take these ones, and we would bet on which elevator was gonna open up first. And that was in the days before that it told you where it was at, right? And somehow I always came out ahead at the end of the day.  
[08:29] Uh but I knew that when I started my business, I could not count on vetting on elevators to keep it in in business. And at the suggestion of my dad, he's like Mike, go join the chamber of commerce. In fact, he handed me four hundred dollars and said, Here's your here's the money to go join this chamber, right? And he supported me through that piece and helped me join that, and I didn't know what the heck I was doing. I didn't know how to sell it, felt icky. Um and  
[08:52] Despite my not knowing how to do this, I kinda fell into accident accidentally getting some clients. A accidentally got some clients once or twice, right?  
[09:00] And as a result.  
[09:02] This is what my business looked like. This is called the feast or famine business cycle. It's periods of time where your business is really humming along and you're feasting because you got clients coming in and we're celebrating. We're happy, right? And you're delivering work, followed by periods of time where you don't know where the next project is coming from, and the cash accounts drain and drain and drain and drain. Who's here's business has ever looked like this or might look like that now? Say me in the chat. Right? This is a universal model for a business, right? That most people buy into. Do you remember at the beginning of today I said business is a game we get to play, but it's also a business we get to design? Well, guess what? I mistakenly designed my business to work this way.  
[09:41] I mistakenly did that, right? And I'm here to tell you that if your business is currently like this or it has been in the past, that we get to choose to work make it work a different way. I'm gonna show you how to end that feast and famine and create nice, easy, smooth ceiling and upward trajectory and growth. Is that what you guys want? Because I know this is what I needed, but I didn't realize it until something crazy happened. Okay  
[10:02] Here's what happened for me.  
[10:03] I just came back from a long vacation, uh long weekend with my wife.  
[10:08] I it was a Tuesday morning. I roll into the office. I'd already had a missed call and an email from my accountant. I think you know where this is going, right?  
[10:16] And uh my accountant was three doors down from our office. Uh he said, hey Mike, when you get in, he was out of town. He said, you know, when you when you get in, can you please um you know come stop by my my office? And so I said, uh, you know, what's going on, man? What's happening? I ended up going into uh his office, sat down in his chair. He said, Hey, wait, wait, wait, close the door. I close the door. I'm like, what's going on? He's telling me to get into his office, tell me to close the door, and not before my butt hits the seat, he says, Mike.  
[10:49] You don't have enough money in the account to cover payroll this week. Um is there anything you can do? And at that point, for me time  
[10:57] It slowed down, my my my vision got narrow, I was panicked, I was sweating, I was like I I don't know what to do. My biggest fear had happened, right? That feast or famine came crashing down, and not only that, it wasn't just me, it was other people on my team that I had to pay for, right?  
[11:11] Now, I got super creative. Uh we've we we we we we we we we we we got ourselves out of that situation. Uh one of the things we did is we introduced a furlough, which basically meant I said, Hey everybody, you know how you work five days a week? You're now gonna work four days a week. Oh, and by the way, you're also gonna get paid for four days a week, not five. I mean talk about a blow to the ego. Talk about, you know  
[11:29] Thinking that I was a complete failure and an imposter running some business thinking I could actually make it happen. And the thing is we came out of that time and there was a lot to be proud of, right? It wasn't doom and gloom all the time. But it felt like it to me, right? We were working with some of the coolest clients, great projects, you know, really great team members. But I was always waiting for that other shoe to drop. Who here feels like things might be going smoothly at the moment, but you're waiting for that next thing to crash down, right? Who feels like you're gonna crash and you don't know when it's gonna get better? Say me in the chat, because these are the kind of things that business does to us, and without a purposeful choice otherwise, without help and an outside perspective, gosh, we um we we we we we we we we we we might end up buying into the idea that that's just the way business is, right? Does this sound familiar to any guys? Have any been there? Say me in the chat, give me some dollar signs because if you've been there, right, I want you to say that in the chat because there's other people who are not chatting right now who are seeing your chat and they're there right now in this moment.  
[12:31] Right. So for them, tell them that you've been there. Because you know that might not that might not make them say anything in the chat right now, but at least shows the folks that are in here. There's a lot of people here right now that there is real support and people can help. And that it is not unusual to have a business that feels hard to run. It is not unusual, and there's a way to get out of it. And that's what the rest of here today is about. Does that sound cool, guys? That's when everything changed for me.  
[12:56] That's when I went from business that was unstable the one where customers were everywhere. They were buying from us, we're profitable, and we're loving every moment of it.  
[13:05] I'm here to give you that shortcut. Here's the thing. As soon as I accept it in my mind. Did anybody hear that business is a mental game more than anything else? This is this is something that you're gonna want to write down. As soon as I accepted that I didn't have to embrace that feast or famine cycle, and in fact I could totally put it out the door and reject it. That's when I started making the decisions that were in alignment with a new type of business, right? So here is the shortcut. Here's what we're gonna be talking about today. I want you to imagine something for me, okay? So I want you whatever hat you're wearing right now, why don't you take it off? Even if you're not wearing a hat, why don't you put a different hat on? I want you to put your hat of imagination on right now with me, okay? Everyone got their imagination hats on, okay? I want you to dream and let go of any resistance around what the solutions are, right? But I want you to imagine you had a strategy that's highly profitable. Like 15 to 17 times profit. It doesn't cost you very much to deliver the service. Imagine it's something that every business wants and is willing to talk to you about. They want to have a conversation with you. And they might even reach out to you before you ask them if they can you help with that. It opens up the doors to large companies and small companies. Some of them might already be working with somebody else right now. How would you like to kick down that door and be like, I'm the guy or they can help you, okay? It gets your clients quantifiable results fast. As in like 24 hours fast to 30 days, because here's what's important Fast results equals trusting and happy customers. Okay, imagine a strategy that results in clients wanting to hire you for your other services. Now, sometimes at higher rates, just because they trust you now. Okay, you get paid up front before you do the work, right? That's different than a lot of businesses. It's an ongoing service that you get to charge monthly or annually for, and this is the seller once get paid for every business model, which I think we can all agree way better than feast or family business model, right? It's amazing. Imagine a strategy that only takes about 30 minutes to set it up, about 10 minutes a month to maintain, right? It's it's almost sounding too good at this point, right? Um It's a strategy that can be sold to people that you're currently working with. For those of you guys who have clients that you're working with people, you can go back to them and sell this to them, right? But you can also go to people that you're not working with who you don't have clients. Um, it's a great reason to go back to those people who never hired you or stopped responding. Who here's ever been ghosted by a client or ghosted by somebody that um you know was supposedly gonna was really excited want to hire you to do some work, but then they went away, right? You could go back and wake those guys up. I love the strategy for that. Imagine a strategy that clients already know is super important. They know it. You don't have to convince them, right? You're not trying to convince them of anything, but they just have no clue or time of how to tackle it, right?  
[15:38] So we've done a lot of imagining right now, and I'm here to share all what this is about. What delivers on all this guys? Well I'm here to share with you that review and reputation management, it's all about helping your clients get more f real five star reviews on sites like Google, on Facebook, and a lot more.  
[15:56] So that so that they appear as the obvious choice and attract more clients and customers. Okay? I want you to really lock in this idea of obvious choice because we're gonna be talking a lot about that today. When you can help your clients become the obvious choice among all the C competitors out there, you are the all-star. You are the person that um has changed their business. And it's guess what, guys? Pretty simple to do, and I'll share that all with you, okay? So this is a massive opportunity, and I don't I don't say that lightly, and I want to explain why. I'll give you a couple examples. First, I want you to meet Jason Burroughs of Flood Digital. He sat on this very training that you were on right now.  
[16:38] And in a matter of about two years, he went from zero to doing a million dollars a year in his agency. Isn't that crazy? Awesome. So here's the thing. Jason was a rock star, like literal rock star, a drummer for bands you've probably heard of. Traveling on the road all the time, wanting to be back home with his kids and young family, and he knew that starting an agency wanting to do it. This is the roadmap that he followed that kickstart his career. And I'm so proud of him for that. And the reason why this is possible is that getting leads and getting clients for this is really easy. Okay? It's actually very simple. And um, who here would actually like to see one of my lead generation strategies that you could deploy today if you wanted to copy it, right? Let me know me in the chat. If that's something you guys want to learn about, I want to share that with you so you can learn how really easy it is to get people to say, hey, yeah, no, I'm interested. Could you tell me about more about that? Right? Sales is easy when you're good at starting conversations. We should write that one down, too. Sales is easy when you're good at starting conversations, and I'm gonna show you how to start some conversations today. Very simply. So I asked our community, I said, hey guys, remember when I taught you how to start conversations? Remember how I taught you how to get leads? What kind of leads did you get from posting, and what kind of uh results did you get from that from that initial training and webinar? So here's what some folks said, okay? You know, we had Megan, who said she got two leads really fast on the same day. We had Joseph said right away, got two hot leads and turned into sales. We had Ryan said immediately converted two locations days after the webinar. We had Michael, who posted this that night and then woke up to four leads. We had Caden, who who followed this process, and he said, I finally got the first monthly payment for two locations of the business. You know, Brian, you got two leads, uh, which is incredibly awesome, right? So, guys, getting leads from this stuff is simple and easy. I'll show you that process. And um, here's what we're gonna be covering today. Number one is that I'm gonna show you how to land your first client for reviews. Who would like to see how I land clients for reviews because this is the easiest sale that you'll ever make. Okay, number two, I'm gonna show you how you don't need to be an expert. You might be thinking, well, how do I do it? What do I actually do? How do I create the funnel? What is the process, what are the steps. I'm gonna show you how simple it is and and why you know no matter where you're at right now, you can actually get to the point where you can offer this really in a short period of time. Okay, number three is I'm gonna show you why review and reputation management is actually a gateway to sell other things to clients, right? Who here, let me know in the chat sells other services and maybe offers funnel building, or maybe they do maybe do Facebook ads or SEO or some other services that you might sell to a client currently, or you might do in the future. Like this is the gateway to do other things as well, which we'll go in. So you guys ready? Say me in the chat, give me some dollar signs. This is the moment, guys, where I'm giving you permission number one to turn off the distractions, put on do not disturb, close down Facebook, close down email, shut your office door, whatever it takes, because I really want to zero in here, guys. We don't have a lot of time to go through this, and I want you to pick up on the key learning. I'm gonna give you like half a dozen key things that are gonna be pretty big gold nuggets for you. But guys, you don't need all those. You might just need one idea. And I would hate that the fact that we're distracted by what else is happening in the world right now, distract you from learning that one thing, right? You're here, you choose to be here live. We could have pre recorded this thing, and we could have just like faked our way through this thing, but we are here live with you right now because you're in the chat, you're chatting, I'm here, and I want you to get the most from it. So please return the favor to all the other folks in the chat by paying attention and uh zeroing in. Cool. That's all good off my soapbox. That's what I gotta say. And uh let's jump into it. So, guys, secret number one how to land your first plan for reviews. It's literally the easiest sale that you ever make. Okay, I want you to introduce you to somebody. This is Cameron.  
[20:23] Cameron is a good friend of ours, and he's the guy that supplied the copier for our office for a bunch of years. And this is a picture we took on a day where it just wasn't working. And I said, Cameron, uh we can't we can't print some stuff, can you come by? He swung by, showed us that we were idiots and we didn't know how to use our own copier, and then he you know pointed that out and got got us off going again, right? But Cameron, like a lot of business owners, is the is stuck inside of their own business, right? That day Cameron came by, there was probably a thousand things he should have been doing, but no, he stopped by our office to take care of us, and he's busy doing the work of his business, right? He's often working nine to five Monday through Friday, and let's face it, probably through the weekend. Two here knows a business owner like this, right? That they're so invested in their business that they're like doing the work of it all the time. The thing is, people like this don't have the time to market to build their funnels, to build their websites, to build their funnel hubs, to do any of these things, and they're not doing it on their own. Okay, they don't have a clue where to start. Cameron's a really smart guy, but but this, he wouldn't know where to start. Second, he hasn't got the time to focus on it. He might want to focus on it, but the time is just not there. Third, is he hasn't got the inclination to do what's actually needed to succeed. Like he wants more reviews, however, like he doesn't know what things he should actually do to make that happen consistently. Um he's asked his happy customers, right? He that he'd ask me more, but will you leave me a review? And it's like they just don't do it. They might do it once, but it doesn't happen consistently, okay? So this is really really important. Now, to illustrate the opportunity here, remember I talked before about obvious choice. I want to go through a little exercise. So I want to take off the hat that you're wearing right now. I want you if you're a business owner hat, I want you to put on your consumer hat. Okay, so so forget yourself as somebody who's building a business or has an agency, any of those things. I want you to be thinking as a consumer, and you have a beautiful home in Dallas, Texas that has a terrible backyard and you need landscaping right now. So what do you go do? You go to Google and you type in the keywords Dallas landscaping. All right, and here is what appeared. And I want you to tell me I want you to look at the three options, okay? And I want you to tell me, as a consumer, all right, not as a business owner, as a consumer.  
[22:33] Who would you call first? Okay? Would you call round tree landscaping? Give me a one in the chat. Give me a two in the chat if you would call scapes. Give me a three in the chat if you'd call C Green. One, round tree, two, scapes, three, C Green. Okay? Let me know. Is it two? Is it three? Is it one? We got two's, we got twos, we got scapes, we got two. What else, guys? Two, twos, twos, two. Is anybody gonna call round tree? Is anybody call C Gre Green, right? There's always one in the crowd here, right? You might start at the top, right? And move down. Or you might start at the bottom because maybe they'll give you a good deal because they're not quite as good of a company as maybe scapes is, right? There's lots of reasons, but I think what we can all agree, I think what we can all agree is that the line share of the visibility and tension and phone calls and emails and website visits are going to scapes, right? I didn't have to teach you guys anything about the factors of reviews for us to get that and become the obvious choice. You know it, and scapes knows it, and C Green should know it, and gosh, round tree better be paying attention, right? Here's the thing, guys, that there's key factors in reviews. On that screen, there's only a couple things I shared with you. Number one was the average star rating, right? It was clear.  
[23:37] It was clear that scapes had the best average star rating, and also was clear that they had the most number of reviews. What does it say about that first one round tree or a lack of reviews, right? Are they still in business? Are they been around a while? What's going on here? We don't even think about it that much, right? But there's other things that are factors in reviews, and I really want you to really understand this. Because these first two are the ones that everybody knows, but these next ones are the ones that are super important that most businesses actually don't realize or they forget about. Okay, and I don't want you to be one of them. Frequency of reviews. How often are they coming in? Are they coming in routinely, or are there big gaps in periods of time where they had a bunch of reviews about a year ago, but then there's like a six-month gap, and now they've got some again. Like we want to see consistent reviews that frequency. What about the age of reviews? You know, an old review is not as good as a new review, right? A review is two years or three months, or you know, six months old compared to the fresh one that came in this week. We can learn something about the status of a business by what's happening right now, right? Businesses change over time. What about the average rating across multiple review sites? This isn't just about fixing Google and calling it good. It's like what's going on on Facebook and better business bureau, and all the other places where a reputation exists, because people look at multiple sites. How about how the business responds to negative. Say me in the chat, you've seen a bad review, and you saw them ignore or say the wrong thing in a reply, right? We see it all the time. A business owner has the opportunity to shape opinion. Guys, there's no perfect businesses out there. Every business will have a bad review. How do they respond to it, or do they respond at all? Also, did they respond to the positive ones, right? It shows us the character of a business very, very easily. And then the overall sentiment. When you look at the reputation, do you think they're good, are they bad? This is the kind of thing that shapes our decisions, right? And I think this is a really powerful thing. Guys, screenshot this if you haven't already, because these are the kind of things you're going to be talking to your future clients and customers about. Okay. All right. Reviews are important right now. And there's a who here agrees there's like a thousand things you could be doing for a business, building a funnel, running traffic, you could be building websites, you can do SEO, you could be doing so many different things, but why reviews? Why is it so important? Well, here's some stats that back this up, and this is also some stuff I think you're gonna want to share with clients. First is that 98% of consumers search for local businesses online. I think that's not a shock to any of us here. Obviously, we do. This is the world we live in today, but that's a lot. Almost everybody does it. Okay, 76% of consumers regularly read online reviews about local businesses. Okay, that's also not really a shock, but that's a pretty high percentage. Most people not only are looking for local businesses, but they're also reading the reviews. Who here? Let me say me in the chat. Have you ever read a review about a business online? I think it's probably most of us, right? 79% of consumers trust online reviews as much as a personal recommendation. So what that means is that when AJ says to me, Mike, go use scapes, they're amazing, right? I trust his opinion as much as the review I just saw. Right? We're trusting strangers on the internet to tell us about the businesses, and we trust that as much as somebody we've known for years and own businesses with, right? It's impressive, right? 47% of consumers pay attention to reviews written in the last month, right? Guys, these reviews have to be fresh, right? This is why helping a client with this is an ongoing service. We don't just fix their reputation and walk away and never think of it again. We always have to be having fresh and new reviews happening again and again and then again, right? That's what makes a great reputation. 36% of consumers look at two review sites. Well, 41% use three or four sites before making a decision. Especially with like the big big decisions, right? The big purchases. You're gonna look at Facebook, we're gonna look at Google, we're gonna look at better business, you're gonna decide what is the information that's true. Okay, that's incredibly important. And that's that's why this is important, guys. And that's just a few examples of how this is important and why we need to focus on this right now. Now, people often ask me what the guys are wondering like what kinds of businesses are best for this, right? I will say that every business needs a great reputation, but there are some businesses that are easier to sell to. Would you guys like to hear my perspective on that? Because I think this is really really key. A couple things I'll share with you first is that you know Barry, he sold this to an insurance agency, right? They had three five star Google reviews, and they wanted to stand out and marketing. So insurance agents, right? Who sold this to an eatery or a caterer. So those folks need great reviews. David who sold uh to two different pre-schools, right? Wouldn't it make sense if you want to have great reputation for people? When you're dropping your kids off there, you want to make sure you want to check them out and they have a great reputation. Um there's Brett who's sold an electrician. So electricians need this kind of stuff, right? And so the question is like what other kinds of businesses need help, right? There's lots of them, right? There's force and contractors and you know copy machine sales and theater installation, handyman, there's attorneys, catering, H VAC, bookkeepers, healthcare, IT companies, architects, HR payroll, appliance repair, traveling fees, banks, business coaches, right? And then what about some other categories? We got massage therapists, water treatment, pest control, we got duct cleaning, moving companies, internet service providers, back here, uh software, Amazon retailers, people are selling online, e-commerce, people are selling online, marketing, PR firms, lawn care, right? There's so many different businesses that need and are impacted by this. And I want you to see how big the need is. Can you guys see because how many businesses that are out there, they need help.  
[29:04] Right.  
[29:05] And  
[29:06] Here but do you remember those factors that I share with you before? Number of number of stars, number of reviews, frequency, right? Most businesses need more reviews. Say yes in the chat if you can if you agree with that. Most businesses need to respond to reviews. Say yes in the chat if you can see why they need to do that. Most businesses uh don't have recent reviews, so they need to get more. Say yes in the chat, and make sense why they would need that. Um, say yes in the chat if you think that a business that's inconsistent with the reviews would need to pay attention to that, right? And so I'm here to tell you that most businesses on the surface, even if they have a great star rating, they are not paying attention to these other categories, which means that obviously the ones like you know round tree and sea green, their need for help is obvious. But even round tree, who's the obvious choice wants to stay there, and they get that by from people like you and I who can help them with that.  
[29:57] That makes sense. This is really powerful, guys. That um there are so many businesses out there that need help. And this is this is why we this is how we actually convince them to show them that there's a big opportunity, right? Okay, sales are simple. I mentioned earlier that this is the easiest sale they will ever make, right? And here's why sales are simple. They're incredibly dependent on new leads. Wouldn't you say don't you see that businesses that's probably the number one thing you hear from the wishing more customers, right? They have an advertising budget that they want to spend, right? These businesses, especially the ones I'm not talking about only this the new ones, I'm talking about the established good businesses. If you're trying to work with businesses that are good established and been around for a while, they have a business, and they have an advertising budget that they want to spend. This is an amazing way to get in front of those folks. They know that websites and online marketing, it all produces real results. But the thing is that they don't have the time to do this, right? They're busy in their own business. You remember Cameron? Like this is why they're not paying attention to it, even though it's so incredibly important. So here's what I want to share with you guys. Um I asked you earlier if you wanted uh to see how I generate leads. If you're still interested in it, say yes and dollar signs. Because I'm gonna show you the easiest way that I've used to get local business owners to stand up and say, you know, hey Cameron, hey Curtis, hey Christine, hey internet, hey Mark.  
[31:16] Hey, how can you help me with this, right? How would you like for those people to ask you for help, right? Like here's the secret guys. I'm I'm not a good sales person. And I just got good at getting other people to ask me for help.  
[31:30] That's it, right? That's the secret. If you are not a salesperson, you're gonna absolutely love this. I made this myself and I'm showing the beta tester method. Here's how it works. Very simple. First is I offer to run a report on their current reviews. I show them things like where they exist. I show them ones they maybe didn't know about. Like they didn't know that there was a stack of reviews over on Better Business Bureau. I'm like, hey, look at this, did you know? This is here, right? And that's I opening them. Okay. Second, is I use a simple template. So I have a one page document that I fill out and I show them here's all your reviews, here's where they're at, and here's your at a glance look at your reputation. It's very, very simple.  
[32:09] And then when they see that they have a problem with their reputation, and as we just discussed, most do, they're gonna want your help fixing it. Does that make sense? Okay. And chances are most of us are connected with a few business owners. I'm willing to bet that there's people in your social media world that you know that own businesses, or you know people who know who own businesses. And when I post this really simple message, I have people asking for my help pretty quickly. Usually within I mean, I've seen it happen as fast as like 15 minutes, people like, yeah, I'd be interested in that. But certainly in an hour to one day, I have people who are asking me for help and saying I'd be interested in learning more about this thing that you got going on. Okay. And then I fill out a simple template, show them what their current review situation is.  
[32:54] And many times they're like, well can you help me fix that? And I'm like, Well, by the way, yes I can, right? I make buying their idea.  
[33:00] Who here would like to have make  
[33:02] And you have a client that it was their the the the the the the the the the the client's idea to buy from you so you didn't have to sell them.  
[33:06] Alright, that's my favorite kind of sale. So so good. Okay.  
[33:10] So here's what I post guys. Very simple.  
[33:12] I post I'm testing something to check for reviews you didn't know about.  
[33:17] Looking for a biz to try it.  
[33:19] No charge.  
[33:20] And our share the results, right?  
[33:23] Very simple, right?  
[33:24] I'm fulfilling I'm opening up the opportunity to fulfill the promise I just made, right?  
[33:28] And so I've shared this strategy here. So I've done this and I do it again and again. I've shared this strategy with members of our community. And here's a couple of things that they found in doing this. Okay, yeah, give me some dollar signs and chat. It's simple. Isn't it like surprisingly simple how easy this is? And uh the thing is guys marketing that's simple is oftentimes the stuff that works.  
[33:48] Everybody wants to sell you some complex convoluted thing or du like no simple simple works and wins every single day. Okay. So here's what we found.  
[33:56] So this is Aaron.  
[33:59] Uh sent out I post I post I did it I had five people raise their hand ask for for the report and um she and she also sent it out to her email list. So you could take that same message, send it out to your email, and also have people reply that way. And it wasn't even twenty four hours since she did the training. So six on the social, five through email, uh which is incredibly, incredibly awesome. Okay.  
[34:19] All right, so we got John who got his first meeting while on the initial presentation. So like on this right now, imagine getting a pr g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g getting an opportunity right now. He made his first sale the first day, and then he got a second sale later that week, and then a verbal commitment after after that. Could you imagine right now sitting where you are today and fast forward a week from now that you have two paying clients and one that's like about to sign? Like very, very cool, right? We have John. John John's a member of our team. 14 minutes after posting it, he had three leads, nine uh leads 24 hours in, which is incredibly cool. We had Frankie said watch the webinar, posted the beta copy, got six leads, went over and picked up an eighteen hundred dollar check. Incredible, right? Um we had this one which is 16 leads in the first hour. So she posted inside of a Facebook group. Who here is in like a Facebook group or a school community or someplace where there's a lot of your potential clients in that room, right? Posting that in a Facebook group, she had 16 leads in the first hour, right?  
[35:13] You bet. Maybe a little stressed having to fill on that, but think about the revenue opportunity on the other side of that. Just really, really cool.  
[35:20] And so the question I often get is well what do you do, Mike? What do you actually do with the people who say I won't I wanna know more about the thing you just posted about?  
[35:29] This is very simple. We fill out that report.  
[35:31] And I want you to understand that this is all in service to starting conversations, right? No sale on the history of the planet, as far as I'm I'm aware, has ever happened without some sort of communication happening between the buyer and the seller. And if we can just get guys stop saying you want to be better at sales or stop saying you want to sell more, I want you to replace this is a mindset thing. I want you to replace that conversation you're having with yourself with, I just want to be better at starting conversations, right?  
[35:57] I can help you.  
[35:58] Be better at starting conversations because conversations  
[36:01] Lead to helping people. Helping people leads to  
[36:04] Enrolling them in your services. It's very, very, very simple. Right? Give me some dollar signs in the chat if you understand the simplicity of this approach to business, right? That's what this is all about. Okay. And so Michael woke up to four leads after trying this strategy. We had uh Daniel who had three leads from this, right? Um and then some people say, Well, Mike, I don't I'm not friends with anybody on online that owns a business. And I would challenge you and say you probably are.  
[36:27] And if you're not, you probably know somebody.  
[36:30] Who knows somebody that has a business. That wants my help with this.  
[36:36] Very very simple, okay?  
[36:38] Here's an example of that. Caden posted this, right? And uh it was somebody that was a friend of a friend, right? Hey, you know I'm not interested, but my buddy is interest in has a business and he might want to talk to you. And then he went over and picked up the first monthly payment for two of her locations. Incredible. I love this kind of stuff. Um we had Brian who ha who had two hits and two leads on it after posting it. We had Andre who had two leads in the first two hours. Just really, really cool stuff.  
[37:04] And so with that in mind, even if you take social media and set it aside, who else  
[37:09] Could you talk to? Is there anybody in your world that you could talk to right now?  
[37:14] That's potentially interested in this. Like, do you have a friend that has a business? Do you have a family member that has a business? Do you know someone that's just like would at least let you test this?  
[37:22] And and without the risk of like having to be the super expert. Say me in the chat if you know somebody who probably could benefit from more reviews, and that's a lot of us, okay? So if you're seeing the vision here, give me some dollar signs in the chat. Like this is all about being a review professional. This is all about being a review pro. And so this is what I I hope everyone at this point understands that the customers are everywhere. It's easy to get them to raise their hand, and because they don't have the time to do this, they need your help to do it, right?  
[37:49] That's really important to understand and kinda see in this moment right now. And I hope that you're excited for what's coming next because  
[37:56] Now that you know that there's a big opportunity out there  
[37:59] I want you to see how you actually deliver the service. So um you don't need to be an expert to do this. Who here would like to see the process and the review funnel that we actually take people through and and actually what we deliver to the client as a result of them hiring us to order them. Does that sound cool? Yeah, give me some dollar signs in the chat if you'd like to see that because that's what we're doing next.  
[38:16] So, you know, I'm famous for saying you don't need to be an expert on this stuff, and inevitably somebody in the chat or you know, one of our communities is like, Well, but Mike, um why don't I need to be an expert? I'm I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I want to be really good at this.  
[38:29] before I offer any of this kinda stuff with anybody else, right? And I before I sell this to anybody. And I and I honor that.  
[38:35] You should know how to do this before you sell it, but I'm going to show you why it's actually a pretty simple process. And the reason why is that someone's already done the groundwork for you.  
[38:44] Somebody's already the groundwork for you. You just need to set up a simple review funnel.  
[38:49] And do you remember Cameron from before? Right? The guy who's so busy running his own business, he doesn't have the time a day to manage this on his own?  
[38:56] Uh he doesn't have the inclination to do what's needed to succeed. And this funnel makes you the expert because once it's set up, it it it it it it it it it it it it it works on its own, right? For the most part, right? Ninety percent on its own.  
[39:08] And so I want to share with you how the review funnel should work. You guys get out your uh get out your phones and take some pictures, because I want you to see how simple this is, okay? So the first thing we do in the first step of this funnel is we ask people a simple question. Did you have a good experience?  
[39:21] Or did you have a negative experience? So they hit thumbs up. Here's what we do. Okay. They hit thumbs up, we give them a list of sites where they can go leave a review. Okay. Uh Google or Facebook or wherever else online, they can leave reviews. Let's say they click Google and we give them a very simple set of instructions of how to go leave a review. They hit the big red button that says leave us a review on Google, and they're brought exactly to the place on Google where they can leave that review. Now I love this because if I were to give my mom this process, who is not a particularly tech savvy person, like I am her IT guy, right?  
[39:54] I know that she can w w make through this process.  
[39:56] Who here's like their parents IT guy or has been, right? You know what I'm talking about, right? This is very, very simple. Now if I said to my mom, listen, hey, could you leave me a review? Um, you know, you know the name of our business, just go find us on Google and leave us a review. Like there's not a chance. Like, you know  
[40:10] Love my mom, but she would not be able to do that uh successfully without some help. And so we want to make it super easy for people to do that. So there's a very simple review phone. Now what happens if somebody said they had a negative experience? Well, what we want to do is we want to give them kind of an option to still leave a review. If they had a bad experience, gosh, like they can certainly go out to the internet and they can leave a negative review on Google, and that's fine, right? In fact, guys, I'll tell you that a 5.0 starter reputation is less believable than a 4.9 or 4.8. So it's okay for businesses to have a negative review, it's expected, believable, right?  
[40:43] But we also can give them an opportunity to have a private discussion with us around what the issue was and we can collect that feedback via email.  
[40:50] Now this is something that a lot of businesses, they want to handle the issue, and and and people who are leaving negative reviews, it's like their last ditch ever. So why not give them an opportunity? Why not give the business opportunity to solve that? But still, if they want to leave a negative review online out there for the world to see, there's absolutely the pathway to do that here as well. And so here's that's the basics of a review phone. Is that cool? Is that simple? Is it easier than you thought? Say like dollar signs in the chat, if you're that's you can see how easy it is to put something like that together. Okay. Now  
[41:20] Here's what else a review funnel can do. Okay.  
[41:23] Here's what here's what I here's what I want review funnels to do. Um first is that we want to have one spot where we can collect all the reviews. Okay?  
[41:31] So there's tools to be able to collect all the reviews in one spot so that way uh we can see all the negative and positive reviews, right? That's that's key.  
[41:38] That same stuff can give us trending and reports on how our reviews are growing over time. You see that like that tr that that that that that that that that that that ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch chart in the very middle there of it s sloping upwards?  
[41:46] That's demonstrating to somebody that you started with very few reviews and now you're getting lots of new ones. Okay. That's important because we want to communicate what we're doing for them. Um we also want to invite  
[41:57] the people who they can who can leave a review into an email or text message drip automation.  
[42:02] Right. Many of the software's out there that help with this can do this very simply. We're sending out emails, Hey, would you leave a review or sending reminders and following up or sending text messages until they take the desired action here.  
[42:13] Right now what else clients love about this.  
[42:16] There's a couple things. First is we can take those five star reviews and those four star reviews and we can bring them into their website or their funnel hub, right? We can get them on those funnels on the funnel pages in a way that showcases their great work as they're coming in and it's automatically updated. Clients love this because they get to see their own reviews. They also get to see their own reviews because you can use software to s share this stuff to social media, right? It's no longer buried in the silo of Google. Like business owners are getting to showcase and you know spread to the world the great work and the great service they do, and clients absolutely love that.  
[42:51] Um, there's also tools to help with review monitoring, right? So you know obviously we want to know when a new review comes in on Google or Facebook and things like that, but what about the other review sites? There are so many different review sites out there that are specific to the business that they are. So if you were an attorney, you might want more five star reviews on Avo or Lawyer Rating or Lawyers.com. There are places that are unique to different businesses that they may want to pay attention to, but by most  
[43:16] The the the by and large the most focus tends to be on those major search engines. Um here's an example. This is Evan. Uh his client went from zero to 48 reviews in 15 days, right? Could you imagine or 18 days? Could you imagine like the transformation that they're seeing there? Um here's another great example. This is a screenshot that Renji sent to us from one of his clients. They said the daycare portion of the business has increased significantly since we started the email drip system, um, and it's happening faster than they thought. Who here would love to have a client that's sending them this kind of feedback as opposed to oh it's not working or whatever, right? Love this stuff. Um here's a couple of other examples. We've got Kenyon.  
[43:51] Um, who's done some really amazing stuff. Uh got some uh more five star reviews there as well. Got John who landed uh the biggest the client that had the biggest catering gig ever. Uh great feedback from a client. Craig is a member of our team, got 14 reviews for a client, and uh she got a call from the local news agency to teach a class about her stuff. Uh Steven said I I think uh taking someone from the third page of Google to the first page with with reviews, amazing. Uh Jason says twenty three reviews in four days. My favorite piece of feedback is when they tell me they're getting more calls because of it.  
[44:23] Um here is Ryan from Porn Pest Management. He told us he's like guys uh I got one of the biggest gigs ever. They called and said Ryan you had the best reviews. We didn't even call anybody else. We wanted to talk to you first. That's the kind of stuff our clients are experiencing, right? Uh Paul from Easy AZ Traffic School. Can anybody here guess why?  
[44:39] Paul will get a bad review on Google.  
[44:42] Well, has nothing to do with traffic school. It has fact the fact that the cop gave him a ticket in the first place. Which literally has nothing to do with the quality of that service.  
[44:50] And this is why it's so critical for us to pay attention. So he's able to recover his reputation and show the great work that he does. Um Reproductions, they're a local printing firm, and you know, they had a really great reputation when they started with us. Who here would make the mistake of seeing 4.8 stars and 55 reviews and be like, oh, they don't they don't need my help. Who here would do that? I know I've been there before. Right? Say me in the chat if you're assuming that reproductions didn't need help. Well, guess what? They wanted to shine, they wanted to make sure that everyone knew it. Look at them now, 4.9 stars and 392 reviews. Right? Do you think these guys know the importance and have lived the importance of reviews? You bet, right?  
[45:27] Question is what software do you use? How does it work? What are the things that you use? Now you could use things like go high level. Uh you could use other funnel builders like Clit funnels to build a review funnel. You can use you know WordPress to make these kind of things, right? You can use the kind of software that you want.  
[45:46] But the bottom line here is this, when I'm looking for a software to solve the review funnel, I want it to do three things. Number one is I want it to be able to ask for reviews, right? I want it to be able to have a thumbs up, thumbs down funnel. I want it to be able to send out emails and text messages to ask for the reviews. That's really important.  
[46:04] Number two is I want help monitoring, right? I want this software to help me pay attention to what reviews are actually happening.  
[46:11] And then number three is I want to be able to take those reviews that it found and publish them either on a website or through social media. Okay? Those are the things that I'm looking for. And so I'm not here to tell you that you have to use this or you have to use that. However, some folks that are looking for a recommendation, if you don't have  
[46:30] subscriptions to something like high level, or you don't have those software yet. Um one of the software that we use is something called review lead. Okay, and I'll talk more about that later, but that's a software that's easy to get into relatively inexpensive because  
[46:44] You only pay for it when you sold a client, right? And you don't have to have a subscription until somebody's paying you, which I really, really like. Okay. So the question I think a lot of people ask usually is like well what do I charge  
[46:56] them to do it. Here who here would like to see an example of what we ask our clients to invest for this service and they're happy to do all day long. Say me in the chat. I'll be I'll share that with you guys right now.  
[47:05] So the first thing to understand.  
[47:07] is that we charge clients per location that we manage for them. Does that make sense? Right? So imagine you have a car dealership on one side of town, that's one location. So we're gonna ask them to invest for that.  
[47:18] And then there's a the the the the the the the the the the same company has another location on the other side of town we're going to ask them to invest for that right so I love one to many I love business location bus businesses with multiple locations because it actually is work to manage each location independently so here's what we ask them to invest, all right? So the best feature of all this thing is how we can make money with this, in my opinion, okay? So the software that we use is is is is is is is is is is is inexpensive and it's insanely profitable. So we charge clients between$1800 to$3,500 per year per business location, okay?  
[47:51] And the software costs us thirty five dollars per month per location.  
[47:56] Which means that we're earning between thirteen hundred dollars to three thousand dollars profit.  
[48:01] per business location. Okay? And businesses are happy to invest in this again and again. Oftentimes they say it's a no brainer, but every once in a while I have a client will say  
[48:11] Uh wow, that's that's pretty steep, Mike, right?  
[48:15] Um, and that's what happened with Howard. Howard  
[48:18] Owned a  
[48:19] Carpet store before he retired. Okay.  
[48:22] Howard said to me, Mike, that's amazing. I really know that I need more reviews and I I ye ye ye ye ye ye ye ye ye yeah, but uh it's just too rich for my blood.  
[48:29] And I was not ready to give up on him because here's what I showed him. I said, Howard, I have a couple questions and I want to show you a couple things. Is that cool? He said, Alright, go for it.  
[48:36] So  
[48:37] I wanted to ask the question, how much is he missing by ignoring his reviews? So I I looked at Google.  
[48:42] And I looked at Carpet Tucson and at that time.  
[48:46] It was averaging about a thousand searches per month.  
[48:49] for that keyword. Okay.  
[48:51] That means that's 12,000 searches per year of people looking for carpet stores in the area, right? And let's be real, guys, let's stop calling them searches. Let's call them what they really are, which is potential customers and clients. There's 12,000 opportunities that were flying by  
[49:07] Howard business that he was not tapping into. So I said, Howard, tell me what does somebody spend when they buy carpet from you? And he's like, Well,  
[49:15] Minimum I don't know, fifteen hundred bucks. He's like, but if it's a commercial gig, it could be twenty, thirty, fifty, hundred grand. Like it just really depends.  
[49:21] I said okay, so I verified that. I went over to Home Advisor.  
[49:24] And home buyer says that the average investment made for carpet replacement is about eighteen hundred dollars. So that will check out with what he was saying.  
[49:31] So here's some simple math that I did for Howard. Okay. I said, what's the true cost of what you're missing out on here, Howard? I said, okay, there's 12,000 searches per year.  
[49:38] Right. And if we multiply that by sixty four percent, which by the way is the percentage of people who will do things like visit a business after finding them online, go to their website, call them, right? So these are not leads, this is just like people who get more exposed to a business. And that's from right local. Okay. Now that means that there'd be 60, 7600  
[49:56] you know, website visits or people stopping by his physical location, which is reasonable to expect over the course of a whole year. Right. We're not talking about clients or customers, we're just talking about exposure, right? Now  
[50:08] If we were to multiply that by 5%, that means that there'd be 384 leads. People who are like, yes, I'm interested in carpet. Yes, I'm actually shopping for this. Okay. And if we multiply that by 22%, which is what HubSpot tells us is the average close rate by industry, that means that for every 10 people that walk into his business location.  
[50:24] That in time, two people will buy something from him. Okay. That's that's I think low, but let's just go with it because that's what UpSpot has studied, okay? That means that over the course of the year, he's picked up 85 clients, 85 customers, multiplied by that$1800 number. That means that Howard is losing out on the potential of$152,745. So what is the true cost here, guys? The true cost of him ignoring this is$152,745, right? By not doing anything about his rotation, he's not the obvious choice.  
[50:58] And so the question I had for Howard in that moment is  
[51:00] Should you invest in review and reputation management, I'm going to handle this for you. I'm gonna take it off your plate and do it for you to access it.  
[51:08] the potential of this here, right? And that's when Howard said. He reached into his back pocket. He said, All right, Mike.  
[51:15] Let's go, I get it, let's do it, right? This is what Howard realizes that becoming the obvious choice  
[51:21] was a necessity for him. He was leaving money on the table.  
[51:24] And  
[51:25] I was able to sell our not software, guys. I just want to be clear about that. You are not you are not selling your clients a software subscription.  
[51:33] You are selling them the service of being their review manager.  
[51:38] There's a there's a very important distinction.  
[51:41] The person who sells software will never make really any money because it you can't charge that much for it. When you are the service provider, when you are the person who's being the review manager.  
[51:51] You get to charge that value. You deserve to be paid based on the value provided, not the time that it takes. Because guess what? Howard wasn't gonna tap into$152,000 on his own. He needed to hire me to do that. And that's why he was more than happy to invest the money to do that. And um, if you're working with a client who does not see the value in that, you're probably targeting the wrong clients. One of the biggest things we do in our community is help people understand who to go after, who makes a good client, who will say to you, great, honestly, in these words many times, this is a no-brainer. Let's do it. Versus how to really repel and push away the people who do not.  
[52:26] see the value in this, right? And this is the that's the game of business. It's how do you get in front of the right people and that's what this is all about, guys. So can you see the see what's happening here, guys? Put some dollar signs in the chat if you're excited about being a review manager because this is not you being a review software sales person. Like if if that's if that's what you want to do, just understand you're leaving a ton of money on the table. But when you do a service, a done for you service for your client, you get to charge more to do that. And what's even better to that, they get the results that you promise, which is exciting. So  
[52:53] Let's t keep on moving on, guys.  
[52:55] I got some more stuff to share with you here, which is secret number three, review management is the gateway.  
[53:01] to sell your other services. Please tell me in the chat if you sell something other than reviews, say me, or tell me what it is. Do you are you do you sell websites? Do you do funnels? Do you do Facebook ads? Do you do SEO? Do you do copywriting? Do you do graphic design? Do you do anything that you might sell to clients? Let me know. Say me in the chat. I want to see what you guys are up to.  